---
templateKey: "bio-page"
---
Antonio White, better known by his stage name KANIN, is a West Coast hip-hop artist who prides himself in not limiting his artistic appeal to common standards. Hailing from Compton, California, Kanin offers a lyrical delivery that is punchy, searing, and thought-provoking, echoing the flow of influential performers such as Jay-Z, N.W.A., Bob Marley, and 2PAC. However, despite his sound being deeply rooted in the rap genre, Kanin uses his music as a medium for liberation, and he allows different ideas and influences to inspire a unique style of work. Kanin’s voice is seamless and organic, combining his great musical background with unprecedented charisma and a distinctive vocal approach. Singles from his independently released mixtapes, I Go by the Name Kanin Vol. 1 & 2; Old School New Sense; and Pray have garnered the interest of some of the most prominent Hip-Hop blog sites in the industry like HotNewHipHop, XXL Magazine, 2DopeBoyz, and more.  Kanin’s most popular single is “Winner Circle” a track that he created in collaboration with hip-hop superstar, Kendrick Lamar.

Additionally, Kanin’s artistic endeavors include film and television projects. His father, Ralo White, worked as a film producer and helped build several studios in Los Angeles while Kanin was growing up. Kanin was exposed to life “on set” and the inner workings of film production at an early age, so it was only natural for him to take a keen interest in entertainment. To date, Kanin has worked as an actor in commercials, doing voice overs, and played various roles in a few TV & film projects including Straight Outta Compton, HBO's  "The Defiant Ones", and “Victims of the Ghetto,” a film written and directed by his uncles Jules Dupree and Antonio White.

Kanin plans to use his knowledge of the entertainment industry and fuse it with his entrepreneurial spirit to take on an independent route with his music. He wants to be the type of artist that is known for being business savvy while still being able to deliver quality music that his fans will truly enjoy. Currently, Kanin is working on finalizing his new EP, 8IGHT, with the first single, “F.A.M.E. (Fantasies And Madness Everywhere)”, to be released late June 2018. 
